# jsfs-unit4-project
 OOP Game Show App

 For this project, students were asked to create a game show app where the user tries to guess a secret phrase. 
To accomplish this, I used many JavaScript concepts, including a variety of methods to add functionality to my game. Some of these were constructor methods, to create classes and initialize their objects, for example. Some other methods created functionality for the game by telling the program what to do when certain things happened during game play. When a wrong answer is guessed, the program will delete a life heart from the game board. When 5 wrong answers are submitted, the program will display the losing screen. In contrast, the program also knows that when correct lettrs are chosen it should display them to the phrase and when the phrase is guessed, the winning screen should appear. Some other functionality includes several different event/interaction handlers. These control behavior when something happens, like the user clicks the on screen keyboard. The letters will change color based on whether a correct answer was submitted and the game will track incorrect guesses on the scoreboard. Similar functionality has been implemented for use with a hardware keyboard. There is functionality for a start/reset button, which allows the game to choose a new phrase to display and reset the different game componants, like the keyboard and scoreboard. Adding functionality of the physical keyboard was an extra credit step that I took, as well as personalizing some of the design elements in the css.